Add @vector and @indexedSeq (#303)
disneystreaming/smithy4s: modules/docs/src/04-codegen/01-customisation.md

Note: The `adtMember` trait has NO impact on the serialization/deserialization behaviors of smithy4s.
The only thing it changes is what the generated code looks like. This is accomplished by keeping the
rendered schemas equivalent, even if the case class is rendered in a different place.

#### Specialized collection types

> Smithy supports `list` and `set`, Smithy4s renders that to `List[A]` and `Set[A]` respectively. You can also use the `@uniqueItems` annotation on `list` which is equivalent to `set`.

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that uniqueItems is going away or remove that comment entirely?

Reviewer 2: it is actually not going away. The set keyword is going away in favour of `uniqueItems` (aws has  pivoted on this)

Author: Ahh, I read that from the source and I thought it was the latest state

> Smithy4s has support for two specialized collection type: `Vector` and `IndexedSeq`. The following examples shows how to use them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smithy4s has support for two specialized collection types: `Vector` and `IndexedSeq`. The following examples show how to use them:
```

Reviewer 2: Addressed in [b3365de](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/303/commits/b3365de87c6af31653ec9810054c9d128c6a0e07)

```kotlin
use smithy4s.meta#indexedSeq
use smithy4s.meta#vector

@indexedSeq
list SomeIndexSeq {
  member: String
}

@vector
list SomeVector {
  member: String
}
```

> Both annotation are only available on `list`. You can't mix `@vector` with `@indexedSeq`, nor `@uniqueItems`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both annotations are only available on `list`. You can't mix `@vector` with `@indexedSeq`, and neither one can be used with `@uniqueItems`.
```

Reviewer 2: Addressed in [b3365de](https://github.com/disneystreaming/smithy4s/pull/303/commits/b3365de87c6af31653ec9810054c9d128c6a0e07)
